Rebase tool is a tool that runs on teamcity to rebase torus burn tests.

Background:
Torus library uses two analytics libraries QALib and Omega. All three libraries are in development. The analytics library versions in torus is bumped every week, but this can be a challanging process due to numerous test failures that need to be analyzed, communicated with the library authors and rebased. To automate the process we are developing rebase tool that will automatically rebase the tests.

Culprit finder is a tool that runs on TeamCity. Every night it launches a number of Torus End2End builds with omega/qalib development for the day. This way we can check for which omega/qalib version a test started failing. Best case is we can uniquely identify the library change that caused the test failure. But due to infra capacity we may not be able to reduce the library changes to 1. Every night Torus E2E also builds omega/qalib betas that rebase tool may bump analytics library versions to when rebasing tests.

What rebase tool does:
Every morning rebase tool checks test failures from latest culprit finder build, that hasn't already been rebased by previous days culprit finder build. For each of these tests, it finds out the last culprit finder build where the test succeeded and the first culprit finder build where the test failed. It then groups the tests by the build pairs. It then collects the rebased tests from the latest culprit finder build, commits the rebased tests and creates git branches with the rebased torus burn tests and omega/qalib betas generated by last night's Torus E2E build.

There are 3 different scenarios that can happen:
1. Rebase tool was able to uniquely identify the change. This is the best case. Rebase tool rebases the torus burn tests, commits the change using underlying library change jira, creates branch and pull request to bitbucket. torus devs then need to reach out to library change author for sign-off for the tests, and merge PR once approved and builds are green.
2. Rebase tool was not able to reduce the number of library changes to 1. In that case, rebase tool creates a torus branch and commits rebased tests using a fallback jira. Torus devs need to identify library change and raise PR themselves. They can reference the torus branch as needed.
3. Rebased tests were not available for the failed tests. Rebase tool can't rebase the tests in that case. Torus devs need to rebase the tests themselves in that case.


Rebase tool html dashboard:
Modern static html dashboard for rebase tool created using modern libraries such as bootstrap 5.

Assume the following data for the dashboard:
* 2 PR created:
    * 5 tests rebased due to Library change jira OMEGA-123
    * 4 tests rebased due to library change jira QALIB-234

* 1 branch created:
    * 4 tests rebased in the branch for library changes OMEGA-100 and OMEGA-101
* 4 tests failed but rebase tool failed to rebase.

In total 17 tests failed in Torus End2End build.

Provide clear description in the html dashboard on:
* Test failure status in Torus E2E build.
* PRs/branches created by the rebase tool, and the tests rebase tool were not able to rebase.
* Instructions to torus devs on what are the next actions for handling the test failures.
